# Reflection
## What advice would you give to yourself if you were to start a project like this again?
I would properly plan out the order of what I would need to implement. I obviously had a rough idea of what I wanted and the order, but I wasn't going in depth and being specific about what needed to be implemented, for example I had something like "add attacking" but to add attacking I need to add the action menu, character stats, formulas, animations, timings, etc. So I wish I would've broken down everything into smaller more manageable pieces and start coding.
## Did you complete everything in your “needs to have” list?
Yes I did complete everything in my needs to have. I would've liked to add more in my wants to have however it would take me much more time than I have.
## What was the hardest part of the project?
I struggled a lot on multiple different parts of my project, moving characters (pathfinding), enemy movement, and enemies initiating battles. Pathfinding uses A* and BFS which even now are very hard to understand and wrap my head around, and since enemies have different logic than player characters it just made pathfinding even more difficult. And surprisingly getting enemies to properly initiate battles was by far the most frustrating and time-consuming, probably around ~30 hours just because I had so many different ideas of implementing it however all of them seemed to have issues. I also had to implement enemy initiated logic, where, when players start battles the order of attack is player-enemy-double hits, for enemies it is enemy-player-double hit. But eventually I got it working. And of course I have to mention the animations and UI, most UI I had to find and add to my project and animations I had to find sprites and cut them out and make them transparent and animate them with the right timings (some I could find gifs of and just had to splice them out), same with the hit effects that I had to cut out and animate. All timings and spacing of characters from text, to misses, to hit effects I had to cycle through over and over and ensure that they were at the right place and right time. It wasn't necessarily hard but was tedious.
## Were there any problems you could not solve?
I solved most problems I had and bug tested quite thoroughly, but one thing that I didn't get working 100% is enemy movement, because it works fine, but I wanted it so enemies will walk through their own enemy allies to get to a new location if it was more efficient as long as they don't end up on the same tile as another character. But it wasn't necessary and I had attempted to get it working for a decent amount of time, but I had to get working on the other sections of my code. Looking back I'm happy that I just continued on because it didn't take anything away from the game but gave me more time to finish the rest of the project.